Hi welcome to my course on A W-S with Python and both are three managing easy to end BPC as being the
first of the series of courses for AWOS and this one we're going to be focusing on easy 2 and BPC.
We're going to be launching our own Witchell private cloud environment using Python and both three.
And after that we're going to be launching subnets and you see two instances on them.
We're going to have public accessible easy to do and we're of course going to have a private easy to
instance.
We're going to be doing all these programmatically and not a single one manually.
So this is a very hands on course and I'm happy that you decided to take this course with me.
I'm really excited that you're going to learn a lot from this course both about Python both of three
and managing a resources using S-D case especially with Python.
And both are three again so without further ado let's go check out what we're going to cover in this
course in detail.